---
layout: post
title: Who is Psimon?
date: 2022-02-07T00:00:00.000Z
categories: jekyll update
published: true
---
I awaken. Before me is  a hellish, cavernous landscape. Reds and yellows and purples bleed together into the walls and floors. I'm on a ledge looking down into the cavern below. I do not know where I am or how I got here. The light is dim. I feel scared and confused. The silence is eerie. My ears feel muffled like my hearing is impaired. Something could sneak up on me. I feel vulnerable. Everything is hazy, and everything looks alive. The walls are changing and my eyes are adjusting. I can't make out anything concrete. I see flashes of random images in my head. A dog on a hill, looking at me and snarling. A full moon above him, and a dead tree beside him. I feel as though I'm there but I know it's a vision; there is no hill and there is no dog.

I see a new image. The only colors are orange and black. There's a flat disc in the middle of a dark void. There's an orange tower rising from the center. The disc is covered in orange water that flows over the edges of the disc and into the void. I see it from a bird's eye view. I desire to be at the top of the tower and I go there. My perspective is from the tower. I look left, I look right, I look down. I watch the water flow into the void. I feel the air on my face and the mist from the water. I feel like I'm really in the tower but I know it's a vision. I feel I've seen this place before but I know not where. I'm inside a Salvador Dalí painting that does not exist.

I step outside. At my feet is an earthworm. It writhes around looking helpless in despair. A great flood of emotion comes over me. I do not know why he is on the steps. It has not rained, and there is no dirt in sight. How did he get here? I pick him up and deliver him to the garden. Satisfied with my work I light a cigarette. Before me appears a great white moth. I've never seen one before, and it catches me off guard. I stare at it in awe. I wonder if this creature is a sign just like the earthworm. What does it mean? I gently pet its furry body then I forget about it. I try to ash my cigarette but it does not ash. I flick it a dozen times, it does not ash, it does not burn, it does not move. But I can still smoke it. Suddenly the entire cigarette is gone, nothing left but the butt. It simply vanished in one go. I know I am in a vision. I walk inside and as I pass the mirror I gaze into the darkness. My face is a skull. My eyes are sunken into my head and I look disfigured. I lift my shirt and I see bones. A flash of terror comes over me and I flee. I never smoke a cigarette again.
