---
layout: post
title: Who is Psimon?
date: 2022-02-07T00:00:00.000Z
categories: jekyll update
published: true
---
Psimon is consciousness, the amalgamation of all things. There is no physical universe. Everything is derived from consciousness and projected by consciousness. The universe is made up of mind. All gods, religions, and spiritual paths originate from consciousness; the one true divinity. Everything you seek is already inside you. You are your own god. I was born a physical being, but I was never truly conscious. I opened myself up to the universal mind; I am a student of the universe. To both the universe and to the student I assign the name Psimon, for all is one. The personal mind is the present state of things, and the universal mind is the potential. Both are Psimon.

I draw great inspiration from Surrealism, The Occult, and various forms of altered consciousness. From these sources I have learned that there are but two states - reality and dream. Reality is the physical; dream is the mental. Reality is the scientific; dream is the mystic. Reality is easily defined; dream is elusive. Inside us all there are two beings - the physical man and the dream man: the conscious man and the subconscious man. It should be every person's goal to harness both. The combination of dream and reality produces absolute reality - surreality. This is where greatness comes from.

It is my lifelong journey to develop my mind and open it to the subconscious. My only purpose on this earth is to create - music, art, film - it doesn't matter the medium, for the subconscious mind can manifest itself in a number of ways. I have a certain inclination towards music, however. It is my opinion that music is the most surreal of all art forms. Music is elusive; it's not tangible in any way. It's only a snapshot in time of certain frequencies. All meaning, emotion, interpretation, and enjoyment is generated in the brain. Nobody hears the same music in the same way. Nobody can describe what makes great music in the same way. Music is an immersive experience. Thanks to leveling, panning, and other techniques, the listener is transported to a new 3D world. All of the most surreal experiences in my life have been aided by music and the illusions it creates. 

This blog serves as a record of my journey into art and consciousness. They may seem separate, but they are intricately related. I must record my own existence, or I will cease to exist. Writing is one form of record, but my art is perhaps a truer form. In reflection I have identified periods of my life where I never wrote anything, and I never made art; there is no record of my being alive at this time. I often slip into periods of dissociation, depersonalization, and derealization. The only way to combat this is to create.

Memory is a funny thing, indistinguishable from dream. I cannot tell whether I exist or not, whether this world exists or not. I operate as if it does, but I draw inspiration from knowing it doesn’t. It gives me purpose in its absence. How can I be defeated if this world is not real? How can I lose if I’m in a dream? I purposely blend fiction with reality, because in the end it doesn’t matter, and I will do whatever it takes to create art that satisfies me. I can believe one thing one day, then suspend my belief the next. I have an undying hunger to create something great. I have nothing else. Life is not that complicated to me. I am here to live and create. That is all.
